Jean Pauline Arcita
~~US001 - As a user, I want to have a feature to search for handwritten notes so that I can look for words even it is handwritten.~~
~~US002 - As a user, I want to have a feature to add collaborators and tag them on the document so that they will be notified when they need something done in the document.~~
US016 - As a user, I want to be able to convert pdf files to PowerPoint so that I can present my pdf as a slideshow.
US021 - As a user, I want to be able to extract hyperlinks on PDF document so that I can summarize all links that the document used.

Hazel Gabutan
US003 - As a user, I want a feature to extract pages from a PDF document that contains specific search words or text patterns so that I can find pages that contains the words or text patterns that I am looking for.
~~US004 - As a user, I want a feature to find and delete duplicate PDF pages so that I have the option to delete pages that are already duplciated.~~

Amina Haq
US005 - As a student, I want to be able to edit the text in the pdf so I can add or omit information to my teacher's class notes that are in pdf format
~~US006 - As a programmer, I want to be able to extract code blocks from pdf files while retaining formatting so that I don't have to reformat the code block~~
US013 - As a user, I want to be able to extract text from pdf files so I can save the text as a .txt file
US016 - As a developer, I want to be able to set up the development environment before coding other user stories for efficient team work
US017 - As a developer, I want to use IntelliJ's built in version control functionality for easier version control
US018 - As a developer, I want to use Doxygen to create a software design document for efficient design documentation

Renish Madhukar
US007 - As a user, I want to save PDFs as an image files such as PNG or JPEG to share on social media.
~~US008- As a user, I want to digitally sign the form inside PDFs, so I don’t have to print and sign on paper.~~

Sanyam Goyal
~~US009 - As a user, I want to have a feature to extract text and images from different types of file formats, so I can use different types of docuements.~~
US010 - As a user, I want to have a feature to delete a page from the pdf document. Status: Comppleted
US019 - As a user, I want to have a feature to add images to a PDF document. Status: Completed

Joshua Kettlehake
US011 - As a user, I want to be able to extract charts and/or graphs from pdf files and to be able to save them to my harddrive as a standalone image file so that I am able to use them as I see fit.
US012 - As a student, I want to be able to merge multiple pdf files into one larger pdf file so that I can have various school handouts in one location.

Priya Patel

US021 - As a user, I want to have security with passwords to protect my PDFs, that nobody can read or open it.
``US014 - As a user, I want to have direct button to change the color of my fonts , to make it more attractive.
``US015 - As a user, I want to have list of all format to bring my file one to another, without reducing the quality of context.
US020 - As a user, I want to create bookmarks in my PDfs, so that it's easy to navigate the pages of PDFs.
